The city of Milan in Northern Italy recently hosted an important international event, Expo
Milan or 2015. It was an exposition that lasted for six months, with 145 participant nations
and 20 million visitors arriving from every corner of the earth.
What did your hovers' witnesses do in order to spread the good news to such a vast number
of people? Mobile witnessing carts were set up at strategic points around the main entrance
of the Expo. 450 witness volunteers were instructed on how to spread the message to the thousands
of passes by. The theme of this Expo was feeding the planet energy for life and in line with
these arrangements were made to reprint a series of articles that appeared in a 2012 issue
of awake magazine. The series was entitled, Is Your Food Really Safe? Of course, most of the visitors
would find accommodation in the city. Therefore, congregations in and around Milan made an effort to
contact all the hotels in the area to offer the staff and their guests an opportunity to read
this special edition of awake on food and nutrition. At first, some brothers were nervous they
wouldn't be received well, but the reaction of most of the hotel administrators was very encouraging.
Almost everyone was happy to accept a copy of the magazine. Thanks to your cooperation,
each month the magazines were brought to us. It has sparked interest because people, clients,
the guests can find an interesting magazine to look at in their own language and they nearly always
run out of the magazines by the end of the week. Was it worth the effort? Well, in a period of just
six months, over 360,000 magazines were placed. 244,000 of which were the special issue dedicated
to food and to date, 892 people have asked to be re-contacted. In the past few years, the community
of Jehovah's Witnesses has become much more visible in the city of Milan. It's not unusual to see
them with their carts, even in the more central areas of the city and I must say they're always smiling,
polite and well dressed. They have adopted a new method. Now it's the passes by who decide whether
to stop and take one of the items on display or have a brief conversation. The Milanese people
really like this method. The topics presented are always very timely. The display about food really
stands out. It brings to mind the general theme of export, feed the planet. I must say, it's a great
initiative. I was able to speak to a couple visiting from China and I gave them a copy of the
special issue of awake. After having explained to them that we are volunteers, to my great surprise
they invited me to have lunch with them. We had a really nice conversation for around three hours
during which they asked me a lot of questions. I left them the book, what does the Bible really teach
and it was lovely to see how they agreed that the Bible really can improve people's lives.
A tourist margin Tina already reads our magazines regularly in her country. When she saw our
cart she immediately recognised our magazines and though she took a copy of the special June 2012
issue she exclaimed, I like your magazines because they make a person a good person. A school teacher
accompanied by her students noticed her special issue of the awake magazine and told her students
that each take a copy because later on they would consider it in a class discussion. Other school
teachers present did the same so that in just a few minutes we distributed 70 magazines.
Especially equipped bicycle was used to ride back and forth between the storeroom and the carts.
As a result the magazines were available seven days a week, 12 hours a day. How encouraging it is
to make the most of every opportunity to praise Jehovah. There really is no better way to use our time.